feat: add playbooks doc (#56) (#35)
FiligranHQ/xtm-hub-docs: docs/libraries/opencti-playbooks.md

# OpenCTI Playbooks Library

A comprehensive library of playbooks is now available on the XTM Hub,
providing seamless access to curated automation workflows.
Currently, the library focuses on playbooks that can be directly deployed to OpenCTI platforms and created by our Filigran Team.

![Playbooks Library](../assets/images/opencti-playbooks-lib.png)

## Overview

> The XTM Hub playbooks library represents a significant advancement in threat intelligence automation accessibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OpenCTI playbooks library represents a significant advancement in threat intelligence automation accessibility.
```

## Working with Playbooks

### Playbook Exploration

The XTM Hub provides comprehensive information when you interact with any playbook tile in the library.
Each playbook includes detailed specifications and content descriptions to help you make informed decisions about integration.
Download options are readily available for users who prefer manual import processes,
while sharing capability allow you to generate shareable links that facilitate easy
collaboration with team members and external partners.

The playbooks library offers several filters to help you find the playbook that best suits your needs.
You can search by name and filter playbooks by use case to quickly locate relevant automation content.

### Manual Import to OpenCTI

Organizations that prefer traditional import methods can
easily download desired playbooks from the library and manually integrate them
into their OpenCTI platforms. This process involves downloading the playbook JSON file,
navigating to your OpenCTI platform under `Data → Processing → Automation`, and using the standard Import functionality
to upload and configure the playbook according to your specific requirements.

> 

Reviewer: Here @Julienger0 we should remind the user that playbooks is an EE feature on OpenCTI. Here's what I would add:

- include a link to the OpenCTI documentation playbook pages https://docs.opencti.io/latest/usage/playbook-automation/
- make it clear that some configuration will be required for most playbooks
- make it clear that Playbooks are an EE feature, the way the page is written at the moment it implies that only the one-click requires EE.

Author: @EllynBsc I updated the doc and the image
